---
id: manual
slug: /
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Uberlogger User Manual. The Uberlogger allows you to
measure and record voltage, temperature, and digital inputs. With its
ability to log and store data directly to an SD card in the universally
readable CSV (Comma Separated Values) format, Uberlogger is a simple,
yet powerful measurement device.

Designed with both precision and ease-of-use in mind, Uberlogger
integrates effortlessly into a range of applications such as industrial
control, environmental monitoring, research, and development, and much
more. Whether you are monitoring temperature and voltage fluctuations in
a factory setting or capturing data for scientific research, Uberlogger
can meet and exceed your data acquisition requirements.

This manual will guide you through all aspects of the Uberlogger: from
setup, operation, data retrieval, troubleshooting, to maintenance. If
you encounter any issues or have questions while using the Uberlogger,
our dedicated support team is available to assist you. You can find our
contact information at the end of this manual.

Thank you for choosing the Uberlogger for your data-acquisition needs.
We are confident that this device will prove to be an indispensable tool
in your projects, research, and data analysis projects.

Happy logging!

## Package content

The Uberlogger contains the following items:

- 1x Uberlogger

- 8x NTC (Negative Temperature Coefficient) sensors

- 1x USB-C cable

- 1x 32 GB SD card

Verify that all these items are present in the package. If something is
missing, please contact Uberlogger or the supplier.

## Safety Precautions

### Voltage Limitations

The Uberlogger is designed to operate with a 5V power supply only. Do
not attempt to power the device with a voltage higher than 5V, as it may
cause permanent damage to the device and void the warranty. The maximum
voltage that the device can handle on the inputs is +/- 60V. Exceeding
this voltage range may lead to unsafe situations to the user and may
break the Uberlogger.

### Temperature Range

The Uberlogger is suitable for use in environments with temperatures
ranging from 10 °C to +50°C. Operating the device outside this
temperature range may lead to inaccurate measurements or damage to
internal components.

### Storage Temperature

When not in use, store the Uberlogger in a dry, cool environment within
the temperature range of 10°C to +40°C.

### USB-C Connector

Use only the provided USB-C cable or compatible accessories to connect
the Uberlogger to a USB-C port or a 5V power supply. Using non-certified
cables may lead to electrical issues or malfunction.

### Power Supply Current

Ensure the power supply used to power the Uberlogger provides a minimum
current of 300mA. Using a power supply with lower current may result in
unreliable performance or data loss.

### Avoid Water Exposure

The Uberlogger is not water-resistant, so keep it away from liquids and
moisture to prevent damage.

### Secure Mounting

When using the Uberlogger, ensure it is securely mounted or positioned
in a stable manner to prevent accidental falls or damage during
operation.

### Environmental Conditions

Operate the Uberlogger within the specified temperature range (15°C to
+50°C) and avoid exposing it to extreme temperatures or environmental
conditions that could affect its performance.

### Proper Power Down

Always power off the Uberlogger properly before disconnecting it from
the power source or USB-C port to prevent data corruption and ensure a
safe shutdown.

### Adherence to Local Regulations:

Comply with all relevant safety regulations, codes, and standards
applicable in your area when using the Uberlogger.

By following these safety precautions, you can ensure the safe and
reliable operation of the Uberlogger while utilizing its capabilities
for precise voltage and temperature data acquisition in a wide range of
environments and applications.
